# LoveForCoursera
Product that took my breath away
Coursera is a learning platform that has been impacting the lives of millions of students all over the world, and I am no exception. I discovered it during the summer after sophomore year in high school. However, I came to understand its true value my junior in college after I unexpectedly discovered my love for computer science.
In Spring 2017, I obtained the position of Team Leader for a Software Engineering course project. It was the first time applying my acquired knowledge to software engineering. Working with other students, I not only learned what it takes to be a good team leader but also how to be a valuable team member, and Coursera helped me. Using its platform, I taught myself languages necessary for the project’s execution and picked up the skills of my more experienced team members. I learned how to use MySQL to utilize and maintain a backend server, along with providing needed functionality to quickly and efficiently store/manage documents and data. I read numerous codes of others and worked on making my codes as clear as possible. The bottom line: I was relentlessly committed to improving and Coursera served as the foundation for it.
By the end of the semester, I was even hungrier for further progress, so I enrolled in more online courses and began teaching myself Deep Learning (DL). Upon their completion, I composed around 150 pages of notes by watching over 80 videos on Coursera and reading the related research. Detailed in my resume, I have implemented a variety of projects that involved building different kinds of DL models from scratch, along with applying previously created architectures to various datasets. I gained an in-depth understanding of how DL works and what drives performance and the ability to systematically obtain good results. Without Coursera, that would not have been possible. I would not have learned as much as I did in such a short period of time. Coursera taught me how to think. Moreover, I was able to download all the videos on my phone and access them whenever I had no computer or internet connection. I carried the knowledge in my pocket, how amazing is that? Also, the fact that it helps the learning process to be more intrinsically driven is what makes it so special for me. It lets me seek and obtain my thirst for more knowledge- something that today’s educational system fails to provide. Getting my first ever certificate in Neural Networks and Deep Learning took my breath away. Because I knew that behind that electronic form of paper stood all the sleepless nights and hard work. Coursera broadened my vision and really expanded my way of thinking. I no longer place borders around my mind, and I have learned how to push myself beyond limits. It showed me computer science as both abstract and functional, and I fell in love with the process of learning the way I was never able to before. And I must admit, I fall in love with it deeper with every single minute of every single video of every single course.
